For those of you that are just dying with anticipation from all of using we've been doing.
There's probably a whole subreddit about this, the mystery project.
People who do the types of work, they're trying to hack my email.
Your wait will end, your misery will end, because we will be announcing what it is on the first day of...
[music]
Damn, I look frickin' yellow.
Something is wrong with my white balance.
My monitor is not very good.
Like the one that I actually see you on, my teleprompter.
But your actual monitor is probably very good.
Oh yeah, it's really good.
But this teleprompter one, I don't know, the colors, everything just seemed kind of off.
So I can't really tell.
You can get away with anything.
You have the Apple display?
Yes.
The embarrassingly expensive one, yes.
And I bought the stand, everyone always asks, "Did you buy the thousand dollars in it?"
"Yes, I did.
I have the same."
Do you think that's going to last you like...
So I've considered getting that a bunch.
And the thing that always solves me is I can't...
Something in the back of my head is like, "Okay, how long of a purchase is this?
Am I going to have this for five plus years?"
I would easily do it.
I guess I've had it a couple years, two years maybe.
I don't know why I wouldn't.
I guess I don't know what it would...
What goes out on the monitor?
Is the backlight going out on the monitor?
No, I'm not saying the monitor would break.
I'm saying, "Am I going to want...
Is something better going to show up?
Am I going to want a different teleprompter?
Am I going to..."
Gotcha.
Apple Vision Pro, that whole thing.
Exactly.
River Apple Vision Pro.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess something could change.
But yeah, I don't know.
When you spin this special monitor, I just can't imagine ever not using it now.
It just looks cool.
The back of it's all honeycomb.
Yeah, that is cool.
Liz really likes it.
But in my head, I'm like, "She can't have a better monitor than me."
Like, what the hell?
I'm the one that's into computers.
If he was a robber, I'd have more sense of monitor than me.
Liz has been doing some work.
I've been seeing her progress.
Yeah, it looks really good, right?
The stuff she's working on.
Yeah.
This is the financial thing you're working on, right?
I've been very inconsistent about how secretive I am.
But yeah, it's coming out nice and she's been doing just entirely front-end stuff and...
That's the way.
Yeah, it's great.
I feel like every week she does...
Start her on the front end.
Yeah.
Take that off your plate.
Which means I don't have to do it.
Yeah.
I set up, but I mean, it's such like a nice symbiosis because when you're starting out,
you really need something that's...
You can see and like touch.
Yeah.
So I think front-end makes sense for people to start out and also like, I don't want
to do it.
Also, I don't want to do it.
That's my theory, that we start people in the industry on the front end because nobody
wants to do front-end.
That's...
I know like the whole like you get feedback and like, "Oh, you can see."
We make up all these reasons.
Yeah.
But I honestly like, you get all that feedback in a CLI or something else.
That's true.
Yeah.
It is funny though.
I've talked about this before, I think on a stream, like, I think the most complicated
stuff I've approached in software development is front-end stuff.
Like, you get into the layers involved in a modern front-end and like, for people new
to the industry that are just getting started and they're like, they just learned how to
do Hello World and JavaScript or something and then they're like, "Here, here's React
and Babel and whatever and all these other things that do things I don't even understand.
I've been doing this 15 years.
Oh, and you need to also learn how to style stuff and then JavaScript runs in the browser.
Also on your server.
Well, not really the server.
It's the server for the front-end.
It's the back-end for the front-end.
It's not really the back-end.
Like, I can't imagine anything more complicated than like being thrown into a modern front-end
and being like, "Hey, get your feet wet and computer science.
Here you go."
Yeah, and I think I kind of experienced some of that because I was trying to teach her
everything and just to give a sense of this.
When I say teach everything, I mean, everything you just said plus basic ideas like, "This
is your terminal.
This is your code editor.
This is like, you know all that stuff."
So how to use our tools, yeah, you're going to laugh, so she's using Neo-Vin.
So I'm just like, if I'm going to do it, if we're going to just like go completely from
scratch, like, might as well just get it on the front-end.
Yeah, get it all out of the way.
Not only is she using that, I was like, "I don't want her set up to deviate from mine
at all because there's just crazy synergy with her.
I can just jump on her computer and just like do some of her help her."
So she also has a server now that she is Hintu and she has a Tmux session running, so she's
learning Tmux.
Oh my word.
It's really new to how to use Neo-Vin inside there.
It's been great because when I need to help her, I can just SSH to the same server and
attach to the same Tmux thing.
It's like a cloud-ruthing built-in.
Wait, so two people can be attached to the same Tmux session?
I didn't know that.
Like multiple clients and it works.
Yeah.
So like if you type, does she automatically see it?
Yep.
It's like a screen share, basically.
Wow.
But it's like low bandwidth screen share.
How have we not in this remote post-COVID world, how have we not just embraced this as
like the best way ever to like pair program?
Well, yeah.
And people have brought, I've seen this set up a while ago, like people have mentioned
it's why I thought to do it.
But it's one of those cases where how often can you mandate such a strict set up for everyone
on your team?
Yeah.
I guess they see that.
I'm surprised there's not like a SAS service that's come out that's just built on top of
Tmux and basically gives you this like multiplayer programming environment.
I think there's VS Code Server now, which is kind of that, right?
I think the actual editor runs in the server.
And then your front end, which is still VS Code, the UI still rendering on your side.
I think it connects to the server somehow and like, yeah, I was looking into that because
I was like, if I do need to one day use VS Code, can I still get this server client set
up and they can support it?
So.
Interesting.
So, yeah.
So there's all of that.
And that stuff, I would say is complicated, but it all makes sense like it's like well-designed
old tested stuff.
Old stuff.
Yeah.
Makes sense.
And I get her to like understand our application and yeah, there's like so many layers there.
And it was actually great because I was working on SST aren't at the same time.
And I was teaching her how to like bring all this stuff up and my bar for how simple we
had to make things just went like crazy high because I was like, I can't really explain
why you do certain things.
I just couldn't find the words to explain.
You need to run SST dev and you need to run SST dev with your front end.
And I could not explain really to someone that doesn't really know anything like what
that meant.
Like, what was the first one doing versus the second one?
So there was all these little things that just got simplified to that process.
So SST ions, so simple, your spouse could use it.
Yeah, exactly.
Your non technical spouse.
And then so I think her process and learning worked out really well.
So she learned pure HTML CSS stuff first.
Then I dropped her into our solid code base, but she just works on making component.
I taught her how like because we use CSS and JS stuff.
So I taught her how the stuff she learned, how it like maps over and that was pretty
easy.
But she just works on building components, composing them together.
And now and she's all the stuff she's posted.
She's posted without knowing any JavaScript.
So now she's like learning the JavaScript stuff.
Yeah, it's a good point.
I guess you can get pretty far before you have to really start messing with the interactivity
bits.
Yep, exactly.
So she would make like these scratch components and I would like wire them up correctly, which
took me like, you know, 10 minutes, usually once he was fully done.
Yeah.
So now, but now she's working on the actual like JavaScript part.
And yeah, I mean, it's only been one or two months.
And with that, and she's using chat GPs of tutor, I think we've talked about this before, but
I think the killer thing with chat GPT is when you're learning, and even as a professional,
you understand, you can do things, you understand it, but there's all these little questions
that you like never bothered asking because you know, you don't understand them, but it's
not pressing enough of an issue to actually like understand how this works.
There's always like some random CSS property, like, you know how to get it to do what you
want, but you don't really understand how it works.
Whereas with chat GPT, she could just like instantly interrogate it about any little doubt
she has.
So her knowledge ends up being like way more complete than mine in a lot of ways.
Like she like really understands grid.
She really understands flex.
Okay, I need to start asking to add you to about grid and flex because I realized the
other day that I have built front ends like UI for 15 years now.
And I've always felt like I can like replicate a design pixel perfect, you know, like I can
do that work.
And then it realized at some point, like, I bet this takes me way longer than most people.
And there's certain things that I still struggle just like, should I use grid or flex here,
which is more efficient, which would accomplish this better.
Some cases, it's like clearly I need a grid here because of, you know, uniform spacing
between certain things and different rows, like it's sometimes is very clear.
Sometimes it's not, and I realized I've never learned any of this.
I've just messed around until I figured stuff out.
So to like go back to an AI tutor and ask it some very fundamental questions, I can
see how you're building up a much better foundation.
Yeah.
You're not just winging it.
So she like knows certain things that I just like explain certain things to me where I'm
like, oh, I've always wondered about that.
So the case for humans though, I'm sure I could take Josh Como's CSS for JavaScript people
or whatever it's called.
Yeah.
I bet I could take that course.
And it may be even more efficient in terms of learning the concepts.
Somebody's really good at teaching it.
I don't know.
I've considered taking that one.
The thing though is even there, so I've read some of his like deep dives on grid and
flex.
And it was really good.
Like it really rounded out my knowledge.
But even there, there's always this like last mile gap where like specific question for
my specific thing.
Yeah.
It's like me as a person, like you did a great job writing this in a much more clear way
than anyone has, but it's maybe like 95% effective for me.
And there's a 5% gap that I have.
And every person has a different 5% gap they missed from the article.
So this just like helps fill that in.
And the other thing that's interesting is we're all very good at Googling, like over
the years we've gotten very good at Googling and that's been kind of critical to us being
effective at our jobs.
Yeah.
Liz never liked that process and she would get frustrated with it.
So a big bottleneck for her ever becoming an engineer is you have to get good at Googling
or there was kind of a high bar of Googling needed to be good at.
That's gone now.
So because I've never clicked for her and now it's not a problem, and she's like unblocked
in all these ways.
And I can see how like a lot of people, especially at the beginning, they just get super frustrated
because they don't understand anything and they have to figure out how to use Google to
get the thing that they want and like when it's not giving you the answers you probably
know.
You need to have like the right, I feel like I'm making progress.
I'm frustrated.
I feel like I'm making progress.
And that cadence isn't automatically hit for everyone.
Yeah.
I hadn't considered the skill that we developed with Googling being less relevant now.
Like it's such a good point that somebody coming in new now doesn't have to learn that
stuff.
It's not that those skills are still useful.
Like we can still use those skills, but somebody can accomplish the same thing without having
those skills now because of this new tool.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
I'd like to think about all the things, all the advantages and disadvantages that have
changed with the advent of this stuff.
Yeah.
I see people that don't like it feels like I've seen on Twitter recently people that
like don't use co-pilot or they're surprised that people use co-pilot like how do you how
do you not use co-pilot like the number of things that has made more efficient for me.
I can't imagine it not being worth 10 bucks a month if you're a software developer and
that's what you do every day.
Yeah.
I feel like I get posted tweet every month that like baits people that think that way to
reply because I'm just curious.
Is this still a thing that's going on when people are like I can't I don't see.
It's like it's funny because to me it just sounds like everyone's lying and some people
are like lying in a more sophisticated way like there's people that are like it's useless.
I hate it.
Like I don't know why anyone finds it useful.
Okay.
Like you're lying obviously then there's people that are like trying to be reasonable but
they're so lying.
They're like they're like sometimes to produce something good I guess.
Yeah.
But it's usually wrong and I'm like you liars not usually wrong.
It's usually useful.
Yeah.
Oh it's insane.
I mean like I work at a startup and startups there's always like a million things that
we want to do and I'm very invested in this startup having co-founded it 10 years ago.
So I want all of it done all like right now all the time there's just like a million things
I wish we would already done and I want to like hire people because I'm a startup founder
and that's like what we used to do is just like hire more people and I've realized with
things like co-pilot it's like no we should just get faster.
We're like we got to if I'm going to say that I think this stuff makes me so much more productive
like we should just get all this done faster and like I try to think that way like how
could I just accomplish more how could this team stay small and we can do everything we
want to do because all these new tools make us faster and more efficient and I don't know
if it's actually happening but I like to think that way.
I like to think like no what can we just do ourselves with AI and do this faster.
Yeah I think it takes even before this AI stuff everyone want everyone says like oh yeah
we want to have a small team or we want our team is efficient and everyone says that but
it takes like a really weird amount of commitment to actually do that in a meaningful way because
all the defaults don't swing that way so if you look at some of our architecture for
some of the products that we maintain they're kind of weird like we chose to build things
and like not our first way but they tend to be the most maintainable like lowest overhead
way it just like wasn't what would have happened by default we didn't have this like guiding
principle of like the only thing will sacrifice everything except for is being a burden for
us long term.
So similarly with the AI stuff yeah I went and saw his co-pilot but like how far can you
really push that you can like take it pretty far like from so initially I was using co-pilot
I don't really use co-pilot as much anymore because I'm using other plug in in the oven
and that's like taking me to another level but then I see some people on Twitter and
they're like using it to like a much crazier degree so yeah that just doesn't happen by
like automatically like you need to like really because it's just shifting the way you work.
So I'm realizing we talk about AI and all this stuff so much.
Is there like what is the percentage chance that we're just like the crypto bros but with
this new thing and we got sucked into something is there a chance.
Yeah and you know what I'm actually happy to be that because I feel like with crypto it
was definitely too late to become that whereas with AI I still as big and hype as it is like
a large portion of software developers are like not really playing with it to the degree
that I feel like they should yeah so I'm fine over like rotating on this because I'm like
on the plus side like I'm relatively early to the extent that I've played with this stuff
relative to other people so even if I'm over hyping it it's fine like there's still gonna
be some benefits.
Like it is so much different than that hype cycle right like nobody ever really found good
use cases for all the stuff they were messing with with blockchain and Ethereum and smart
contracts and all that like they were always just searching for reasons for this technology
to exist yeah that's not the case with AI like there's no very clearly stuff yeah so
every time people who are like oh it's the same bros from crypto jumping on AI that may
be true.
There are a bunch of those yeah but there's actually utility here and it's actually changing
software development in front of our eyes yeah okay so we're not just bought into something
and we didn't just get suckered into I have to ask these questions I've got to keep myself
level and honest.
I don't know a question myself okay I should try that I don't self reflect no point being
so I don't do that I definitely don't do that yeah so I just thought yesterday we were talking
about this so there's like this interesting dynamic where whenever there's a hype cycle
it becomes super easy to raise money for certain ideas like like insanely easy like yeah you
can raise 10 times as much if you land on certain idea at the right time and if you look at
that like you know YC's demo day was yesterday and typically with YC there's like certain
companies that are hot there's like hot YC companies when they do that and they're able
to raise a bunch of money but the that cohort of hot companies that the hit rate on them
is not very high like the overall it's worse than the overall hit rate that you would see
generally yeah and so similarly like imagine being like an image generation or video generation
company right now you probably were able to raise a lot of money really quickly but it
is like the worst feel to be in because there's so much competition everyone just like smashing
the crap out of each other yeah and it's great for people that are going to use that technology
because like every week is getting better and like a new company showing up to offer
it for better for cheaper yep actually being in that froth kind of sucks and what I was
thinking was what's interesting about all this AI stuff is yeah typically you want to
be the person you know selling the shovels it's like historically where you want to build
tools that other people use and that's like the best position to be in but like this froth
is so matte like crazy right now where it's like are you really going to end up winning
as a person selling shovels then I was thinking like what if you want the other side and you're
like I'm just going to be the epitome of the customer that they're trying to sell to and
I'll just assume that they're going to get 10 times better in the next year and I'm just
going to try to be like the exact customer I sell to so what I mean by that is so a stupid
example but like it's an exaggerated example but it gives you the sense of what this could
look like a bunch of music generation startups helping you generate music right you could
start a non tech company which is a music label today that is just fully betting on the fact
that this stuff gets massive and you're going to be like the people the person that crushes
every other music music label and becomes like the only music distributor on the planet right
so something insane like that what's different is normally if you try to do that it's hard
because scaling a non tech business is very slow usually requires a lot of people the
entire idea here is AI makes non tech companies scale theoretically like in the extreme as
well as a tech company but like is that is like that actually a better play because then
you're not in the froth you just benefit from the output of whatever's going there interesting
and the existing players are going to be super slow to adopt this stuff because it's like
very disruptive to yeah their business you know so I don't want to get hung up on the
specific example but I'm hung up on what does a music label do I just realized I have no
idea what do they do it's like a VC fund at the end of the day okay they make bets and
they fund ours they think we'll do well this kind of one is there's did they do something
with distribution like don't artists go not anymore now yeah okay yeah but like presume
I mean I think the value of labels continues to go down but if you want to be funded for
a year to make your album yeah they fund you and they get some percentage of your revenue
so compared to like a music sorry like a movie studio it's the exact same thing they fund
it betting that okay yeah it'll make money so so you could be an AI movie studio you're
just gonna fund movies that are made by yeah yeah your costs are like a thousand times
less you need a thousand times less people yeah what what are your thoughts like food
and a place to sleep what are your costs I don't know what they do yeah I don't know
like if if okay so basically if you could make one movie that wins an Oscar at one hundredth
the cost of any other movie if you pull that off once okay you're funding the creation
of the movie and the movie is created through AI so there's no sets or cameramen yeah hypothetically
you have to pay yeah just GPUs you have to feed you win an Oscar for a movie that costs
a fraction of what a movie like that should cost yep you can now repeat that a thousand
times because it's like an automated process what is the world gonna become and all of our
media I'm sure people are hearing this and they hate the idea of everything I'm describing
but I'm just it's like a thought experiment you know yeah yeah no it's interesting it's
just challenges all find all kinds of things in my brain I mean I guess it would be cool
if I could just like have a I make me the perfect movie for me on demand like that's
where it could head right like on demand in the sense that not like I can choose to watch
it whenever I want but on demand in the sense that it knows my exact preferences and it
makes a movie for me that's a one-off nobody else can it do could it do that I guess it
could what I want to watch a movie that no one else is gonna watch like that so that's
the interesting thing so again if you take it at the extremes let's say this does work
out and it can generate the exact it can generate a thousand episodes of the exact weird combination
of things you're interested in there is no sense of hey did you see that episode it was
crazy right because no one's seen it except for you and I think we've experienced a little
bit of this where shows used to be on TV and they would come out a new episode come out
every Sunday we'd all watch it at the same time and be this it'd be like this universal
thing that everyone was it discusses it on Monday and it was like very in sync then it
moves to streaming and some streaming services still really sound schedule most of them just
put out all the episodes at once yeah so everyone's like a different place and you can't talk
to them about it because you might spoil it for them or like they watch it like six months
later and then you're at that point you remember what happened so we're like that whole thing
is been deteriorating and then now this would be like a crazy version of that yeah I guess
like I don't know what that I want that I don't think if they I could make me the perfect
movie I don't think I I don't think I want that world I want the world where somebody
had to make a bet and make a movie with a bunch of money and a bunch of people and maybe
it was a stupid movie and it didn't work out for him but maybe sometimes really good movies
come out of that and then I get to watch it and talk about it with you about how that
movie was good or that movie sucked yeah I like I like that world yeah and I will say
like I feel like already the level of F I think studios have already like de-risked the hell
out of movies the point where they actually just look worse and we talk about other day
about how like when they made Lord of the Rings they're looking like hiking in a mountains
to go like film oh yeah and then now they like don't risk that at all everything is fully
CGI and it's genuinely worse like it just is worse we were watching this TV show pillars
of the earth and it came out in 2010 and it doesn't look amazing because TV shows weren't
like crazy funded back then it still looks so much better than most TV shows because it's
like a real set and real stuff in the background and like stuff looks dirty and textured and
everything and yeah I do wonder if the reality of AI produced stuff is like people don't
really attack the quality dimension of it there's attack like the some other like base
thing of like oh this is like hyper specific to you so the quality of it doesn't matter
yeah so what's suck if like that that dimension like just stops existing and we're already
kind of going down that road yeah the more I see people share like AI generated music
and movie stuff or like not movies but people are sharing the clips that were videos created
about AI yeah like I always every time I see something I have to think like where is this
headed why and like where will the real utility come in like what doesn't just destroy it's
the I mean it's the art too it's the image generation stuff it's like cool everyone can
create an image it looks like whatever they want it to be and now what like I don't know
it just the whole at the end of the day it's how like what are we doing with all this what's
the point what's the end game it just feels like this like trick that we're all like look
I can do this now yeah I know it is funny how fast that burn like the image generation stuff
was like crazy and I feel like it's kind of burned out in a lot of ways where we're like
yeah this isn't that fun but it does show up in funny places like Liz's grandma texted
her or it was like her aunt or someone texted her on Easter like happy Easter but like she
sent like this AI generated Easter egg that had like it's like a happy Easter on it it's
like so funny it's like it's basically devolved all the way down to like random shit like older
people in your family yeah then do like it has like that vibe like like random clip art
type of thing I do feel like there's gonna be some useful thing that comes out all of
it the generative AI stuff it's just hard to imagine that it's what we're doing right
now I guess it's all party tricks right now and that's fun and has value but yeah it's
like shortly like the like the music stuff house we were I finally started playing with
it yesterday you've seen the V3 of you know AI or have you seen it of what though that
music generation companies you know that AI sooner it's either with some of them oh I saw
your oh I saw your suit go sorry I forgot it's all yeah that's actually really good yeah
so the V3 model came out a month ago and for some reason like it hasn't gotten a lot
of hype I think it's starting to now but it's passed a threshold where I'm like these are
good songs like some of these are like they get like the Zuko song got stuck in my head
yeah it was like yeah I was like coming at this morning and we made a bunch so we made
one so Liz's parents they they were in construction they focus on granite and her dad's nickname
is Manolito and she made a song called Manolito El Rey de Granito which is the king of granite
and she made it like a salsa song and it was so good like there was like the main person
singing that they were like background vocalists like chanting back at him and it was so well
done and it was so funny because like now he has like a jingle for his business basically
and yeah it's crazy and I'm sure like a couple months from now it's gonna feel like corny
well it's it's how images feel now probably the music feels fresh just like the images
did eventually they'll feel this way so even though there's like a white so you can tell
to make a rap song an indie song country song whatever so it feels like unlimited possibilities
there's still some underlying like structure to all of this and then they need a narrow
the structure to make it though it's producing stuff like sense and I think our brains over
time pick up on that whatever that like invisible subconscious structure is and it starts to
feel cliche yeah and that's like really amazing to see because like every single you can tell
a mid-journey image now it's like you can kind of feel the same whether it's like a cartoon
image or like a realistic image you can like feel that's made with mid-journey and that
feels redundant and kind of corny so yeah it's crazy we we can get desensitized anything
no matter how like wild it is yeah the this is a kind of a tangent on the image generation
stuff but we actually like we have a use case for image generation style transfer something
and nothing exists that does what what I need to do so we have like over five six thousand
something like that illustrations of players that an illustrator has hand drawn for the last decade
and he can only do so many a week and at the end of the day we want to roll out all these new domains
but there's so many new athletes like if we want to add college football there's all these
college football athletes that we have to hand draw and it takes months of lead up to draw enough of
them to really feel like okay we could launch this domain we've actually build the technology
for the sport faster than we can illustrate players it's a huge bottleneck so I want to just be able
to say here is a set of five thousand of these images that we could train some model that could
just take a photo of that person and turn it into an illustration that looks like this artist's
style and it can't do it all these models are so good at making gibberish and spitting out random
image vomit but they can't just do this very simple thing I feel like this is such a simple use case
like that would actually be very helpful for us and if someone knows of a way to do that like we've
tried them all and they're all just not they can't do it I don't understand I feel like that should
be the easiest thing in the world for AI to pull off yeah I mean that that that goes to show how
these things are built like the they are like tuned to produce a certain various specific type of
output and even though it looks like you can do anything it is still very narrow and specific
yeah so some of those limitations are interesting to understand because it really feels like it
can do anything but it it's really far from that actually so another angle on the generative AI
stuff that I feel like this one it was three or four years ago really that this was being pushed
on I know this because it was tech that we used for our stuff but the voice matching like creating
like a voice or audio of someone speaking that sounds just like them speaking and now I feel like
they're pushing it further it's like now we need five seconds of your voice and we can completely
mimic like that tech's getting super good I feel like there's probably lots of use cases for that
probably I mean I know there is I know we wanted to do stuff we did stuff
we so like we answer sports questions we did stuff where like the athletes
oh that's so cool yeah it was like so if you asked who had the most passing touchdowns in a
season Peyton Manning comes on he's like hey it's Peyton Manning I had 55 down with the broncos and
but we did it was like the most dumb like just like string together audio files like we concatenated
audio files and we did some stuff to like make it sound pretty natural like we didn't just take
a word anywhere in a sentence like we made sure we had them saying phrases that we could use larger
chunks anyway but he could like answer anything about his career in his voice on an Alexa or
Google Assistant or whatever so we've looked at this tech for probably five years like doing
stuff in this space and we've seen it evolve I just I don't I still don't see like real people
using it for real stuff like where is the real stuff coming for all this different advancement
and AI tech because there's so many categories that you've got like every possible category of
thing you could generate that AI can generate now when where is it headed when's it all going
to come together into like man remember life before that yeah it's not really that yet yeah so I was a
so day one of YC demo day was yesterday and I watched I had in the background like while I was
doing work and obviously there was like a lot of AI companies and yeah I think I think the pattern
that I saw across them at least right now which I think makes sense is they picked some crazy random
niche like someone that managed a lot of vacation properties or like this very specific task and
insurance companies or there's very whatever there's even this one company I forgot what the
industry they were in but they like the founders got jobs doing this thing and they would do their
job during the day and they would try to automate it at night and they claimed that they were down
to 45 minutes a day of work for them then they quit and they started a company to like
deploy this as like you know a way to make these companies more efficient and this was the
insurance thing something in the insurance related market there was some like just like high labor
like low creativity job yeah yeah so that's how they that was a genius way of like bootstrapping
that I thought yeah but it's like so many of these like just most of the companies were just like
picking some random things so I would say that's where I think I see people actually using it but
it's really it's not like spectacular it's more there's a lot of life is busy work and they're just
going yeah crawling into every like niche trying to get rid of some of that busy work I actually
think that with the way this stuff is going that a company will come out that will be a superset of
all these little little things but if you have an air they can drive a browser really well it can
kind of do all these narrow focus things that these people are niching down into like there was
even this there's one company that said they they were targeting tasks that people do on fiber
typically and they were helping companies that spent a lot on fiber to like go spend zero dollars
on fiber because there would be like AI workers that that when did that yeah and so that's like a
much broader set of tasks so yeah that's where I'm seeing in the real world but there's nothing like
really spectacular or like drastically the world was different now yeah yeah type of thing yeah
can I in an interject kind of like a philosophical question that that all posed for me yeah so so
this person automated their job and they had some insurance so let's just assume in this hypothetical
scenario that job pays you well enough that you're comfortable like you don't have big aspirations
you're happy and you're keeping up with inflation or whatever I don't know because some people would
say like well it depends on if that job anyway you're making enough that you're you're comfortable
and you've gotten your job down to 45 minutes a day of work there's this guy who then decided I'm
gonna start a YC based company there's that jumping point or there's like just chill at your job where
you spend 45 minutes a day and you make a comfortable living what do you think out of like a hundred
people what do you think the breakdown is of like people who would just chill at said job for
45 minutes a day and enjoy their life of whatever they pursue from there versus I'm gonna go create
a company to like monetize this technology or this idea well the problem is a world isn't static so
you can do that for a year maybe two years maybe three years but eventually there's just so much
so it's it's like a it's just like a game theory thing like if it's not you it's gonna be someone
else I think if you're smart enough to automate it you probably will figure that is not gonna last
long so so maybe it's not out of a hundred people maybe it's for you the question is for you just
any part of you ever just want to be the person that just would just do the thing for 45 minutes
a day and then be like I'm good I'm not gonna push any harder I'm just I'm good yeah I think I
sometimes that the thing I always think about is like applying to 10 junior engineer roles I mean
it's less of a thing now but like back in like when hiring was crazy and hiring anyone doing anything
yeah right it's right about just go be a junior engineer and like you know 80k salary or something
and just have like 10 of those like I'm sure I could easily like nail 10 of those yeah 10 of yeah
the other option was to then or just apply to one junior engineering role and just like shock the
company on how fast it was progressing and like use that momentum to like shoot it to be me or
into yeah as like to the CEO or CTO yeah is that what you did with with SST come in and shoot
up ahead of Frank and Jay yeah so I do think about but just I mean no I'm not I'm never I never
actually do any of those never you would never coast my no it just feels dangerous to me like I
like feel like it feels like yours you know sharks die when they don't keep swimming it kind of feels
like that to me like if I'm still like I'm just gonna get killed or something that sort of feels
like to me oh wait you're talking about the the coasting on the 45 minutes a day thing I'm talking
about the people who are over employed with like 10 jobs not 10 jobs but the people who like post
unread it about their three software engineering jobs and they managed to juggle them all and one
of them they haven't had to talk to them for a year and they still get paid and like all that stuff
have you seen that stuff yeah but I mean when I was a consultant I was basically doing doing that so
it doesn't feel that yeah but it's like it's okay if it's like it is funny it's okay if you're an
independent consultant yeah of course you have 10 jobs if you find this form but not this form
it's totally fine if you gave them a W9 and they give you a W2 it's totally bad don't do it that way
ethically terrible whoa it is funny so we they're so just a pivot a bit there's a lot that was
happening this week I think oh I have no idea I've been traveling I literally need you to catch
me up on everything all right yeah to work thing okay so one I have great news oh as of this morning
the lambda team fixed that streaming issue that I start yes which is really crazy because they've
never this is a first okay so I'm gonna give them I'm gonna like lavish compliments yes they'll do
us right now because I never do this I found this problem so I like it was investigating I started
investigating on Friday I like started being like is this broken on Friday and then by Monday I was
like this is definitely broken definitely broken yeah and then so then someone reached out like I
would say a bunch of people reached out which has happened before like people from AWS have reached
out yeah but I replied you know I always replied just in case something actually happens usually
nothing happens but this time like the head head pm or product person that's hard not pm that's
probably like devaluing his title just the person in charge of lambda yeah product perspective
reached out and was like other teams have investigated this like we we've identified the issue I'm
gonna roll out a fix we ended up taking them like a week longer than they expected but they like
almost every day they were keeping me in the loop around what's happening yeah and like several
people like someone else in that team messes me being like oh hey can we get like the code sample
you're using and that person messaged me yesterday being like I tested your code sample against the
fix like it does seem to work now so they were super engaged crazy reactive like you know they
fix this so quickly and they kept me in the loop the whole time which is amazing this is kind of
what I this is like yeah great job like every other team and AWS should like look at this as an
example of you know this is how we should engage with with the community yeah yeah great good job
AWS we're gonna add streaming support to all these frameworks now that said they already had it but
you know it doesn't really work my part of the problem on that one no because you tried to turn
on it didn't work for you right and you turn I mean I shipped like I tried to ship Astro streaming
support in SST I think no I'm saying that code probably is is correct but the code is correct yeah
yeah yeah the thing is okay yeah it's using it because everyone's trying I went and looked at
I went and looked at Hono I looked at like everything everyone added streaming support I tried everyone's
things and I was like none of these work like why it's like nothing and to be fair it's not that
it a hundred percent didn't work it just if there was so in a stream if there was an initial chunk
and another chunk those first two chunks would always get sent together so if you were testing
something stupid where it sent like 10 chunks you might not notice the first two came together
because then three four five six that like those would come out come like one by one yeah but in
practice it's usually most sites render as two chunks because it's like the initial shell yeah
and like the actual content PPR so yeah it's basically the PPR nonsense right is that right did I get
it right is it PPR it's a PPR is like a like a sub like a narrow sub category of the scenario
but it's also points per reception that's how I remember it fantasy football shout out to everybody
that's listening that's how nerdy uh that's the only way I can remember it but that's how nerdy
this web development world is they like it really is not only did they pick a new acronym that was
unnecessary and like over inflating it they also just didn't realize it was already stepping onto
another acronym yeah exactly so land is streaming it works now the next couple days I'm gonna add
support I'm gonna test all the frameworks get support across the board um there's been this
running joke because we'd still have next support and it's like we're like irrationally not supporting
it at this point because so many people have asked for it and we're just like yeah for some
reason we always defer it but I'm finally actually getting support in now uh for it nice but only
because solid start is built on the same oh no core aspect just continue to look like good
at meta for solid start and it happens to work for nugs so we have next support you could have
gotten off the hook there and looked like you had good intentions but you just outed yourself
I don't know what it is every time we're like okay we're gonna do nugs this week it just doesn't
happen it's gone on for like a year now I somehow know what it is what is it I mean I
because I have the same feeling about next why why is it hard to they should have just gone with
the name that wasn't close to next I feel like the like it was like a tongue in cheek like next
yeah I don't know it's just like it's hard to take it seriously but I know a lot of you people a lot
of like okay you've said before uh the development software development or web development or whatever
was split into like PHP and non-PHP there's also a view thing in there something yeah it's good
there's like a little few island yeah because it just feels like a whole different community
and I don't interact with them and I don't know and then related to the PHP community I feel like
they are a lot of PHP people use view there's some weird vine diagram here somebody needs to make
yeah it's like yeah these are camps that we all live in so I want to go back to the lambda thing real
quick so lambda uh the lambda team had this interaction with you that was positive yeah I'd
like to just request if anyone on the amplified team is listening reach out to Dax get some feedback
on how you can improve amplify because I think there's just precedent now that was really well
delivered I was like yeah I just I want to build a bridge here uh there's a precedent now for SST
working together with service teams uh and I think I think that's he has a lot of feedback for
amplify so you should you should reach out that was so because I I uh because until he said amplify
I was like okay I see where he's going and he said amplify I was like is he being serious he was
engaging what would your feedback for the amplify team just just stop just stop stop you guys aren't
beat three now like it's it's fine I really thought there was hope that you might build a better
relationship with AWS but doesn't sound like it I uh I can't help but be honest I honestly think
that lambda team did a really great job and I'm really impressed uh yeah for the size of AWS
like this level of micro interaction is not what you can normally get I mean AWS is a big
old thing so like lots of people involved it makes sense there'd be a lot of those people that
are really good at doing these types of interactions I mean like within AWS I'm sure there are plenty
of teams it would be great to work with you just haven't run into the situation where you need to
work with them but then there is also this like hostility I feel I don't know I feel like I'm in
the middle of it I feel like I'm like mommy and daddy are fighting at the dinner table kind of thing
I wish you guys could make up I wish you and AWS you know now you've started building cloudflare
stuff now it's just not helping well I was gonna say that that's the second part of the news this
week so we're in the middle of cloudflare dev week uh so this is Thursday so I guess we're almost done
this is episode a okay that was such a good tweet oh my god I gotta say it again so plans to go see
a Sam he goes why does every company announced SSO and sock to support on Thursdays of their launch
week and I was like this is such a good observation like this is so funny because there's underlying
thing of every company does a launch week nobody has enough stuff for a launch week yeah you do not
have enough silver launch week and that's why you do SSO support on Thursday yeah my Thursday
you're really grasping at straws yeah personally I love SSO support like I hate it when companies
don't have it uh so I'm like yes hell yeah sign sign me in with my like workspace account amazing
I love it but yeah and a broad sense of things is not like the most killer killer thing to announce
for a whole day and now I need to know all the things that cloudflare's announced because I'm sure
you've been saying on top of it but also things that are happening on tech twitter just whatever
order you can interleave them yeah so cloudflare is what I've tweeted before where I'm like most
companies cloudflare of launch weeks are just like underwhelming but whenever cloudflare's a launch
week I like rethink everything I'm doing oh I'm sure they've got a lot yeah yeah they have they
had a lot of stuff so uh some of the more significant things that stick out so they launched something
called uh workflows which is a step function equivalent basically okay yeah but it's all just
a normal JavaScript so like you hope you can define steps in normal JavaScript like the definition
of it is in general code they have like a like a context.task or something and you name each step
but you just right you're just writing normal code and if one step fails it'll like retry and
all the stuff that you would use a step function workflow for they're durable uh they'll like you
know you can sleep for a year if you want you can do all that stuff so all those like random startups
like uh not random okay all those yeah so I was dedicated for the simple temporal ingest etc if
you're on cloudflare like why use those there's like a native thing and it's so much better than
AWS a function so I think that is awesome uh I think there's an argument to be made that if
it's just normal JavaScript type script should most of your code be a workflow like anything
that's asynchronous probably should be like it avoids having to like route stuff through a queue and
and do retries yourself um so that was one major thing they launch pipelines which is a kinesis
equivalent so it's uh for ingesting large amounts of data it supports kinesis endpoints but normal
HTTP endpoints even web socket sources like it can pull from whatever backup it supports kinesis
endpoints what do you mean if you already have a kinesis stream you can like dump it into this
thing yeah so if you want a direct integration yeah yeah or you could just like you know put stuff
within their normal HTTP I think like I said they have a web socket integration as well which is
kind of crazy uh and they have this whole they haven't released this yet but they've previewed
what they're thinking they have this whole like stream processing system on top of it so you can
define like this kind of like chained calls of being like you can like define all the ways you
want to transform the data before like spits out the other end yeah and that just runs
against everything that comes in kinesis has similar like you can put functions
that modifies stream stuff yeah yeah so that you can get like aggregations and and and things like
that uh it's there's some apache project that's very similar than they're like modeling it off of
so those two were big because those are like did you say apache sorry it took me a second is it
apache yeah you said apache it's apache right well it depends like you know like did you really think
it was apache or was that just a misspeak no i i've always had apache i mean i've always had apache
i've heard apache am i the wrong one i don't know like should we ask the Native Americans like
who are you going off with oh i'm sorry i just forgot that is a Native American tribe oh that's
so funny you're literally on their land Adam you're yeah i'm sorry and apache slash apache apache i'm
pretty sure it's apache and i have a lot of Native Native American uh DNA like i think i want to
say my grandma is like a quarter Native American so okay my computer says apache but there you go
apache okay i'm gonna call it apache now i think it sounds nicer a little more like sophisticated
i've said both so many times now they both sound ridiculous to me apache apache apache has a long
history of like they were part of the lamp stack right yeah that that was like that's how they
started now they're this open source foundation what part of i mean i know the a but what what did
it do so Linux this it was it was like before we always use nginx okay so it was a nginx
equivalent but it was it was so bad really it spawned like a process per request or something
insane like that it was like oh just this garbage wait what i guess computers were
old and dumb back then so it might have not been that ridiculous but it was like something like
that where it was just like the slowest thing i've ever seen oh now i'm interrupting you but now
Linux apache m is for MongoDB and p is for don't tell me don't tell me Php yeah wow so Php
look at it with its roots back in the original the original og stack yeah Php been around so long
i actually did write Php like early in my career me too that's one of the first things i did yeah
same oh man if you could go back and see the websites i would have been making for people
so bad okay yeah i remember back like i didn't i don't know if Php framers were out back then but
like literally i like no substance of a framework for anything i did like every page just contained
a hundred percent of the code that needed to enter that page yeah it was just still how levels
you know peter levels writes things but i digress yeah okay so step functions kinesis keep going
yeah so those are the two big infrastructure pieces that came out so d1 their sequel light
database went general availability so that's they're considering that stable now i'm sorry i always
hate in launch weeks when something goes jay it's like i just want to hear about the new stuff like
who cares i thought it was jay anyway i used it anyway i didn't care like yeah ga doesn't help me
it's like a lawyer distinction like the lawyers are like yeah we can use it now
uh that's funny so there's a bunch of ai stuff i didn't look too deeply into that but you can
basically um they did a partnership with hugging phase so any mall and hugging phase you can like
instantly deploy with the cloudflare gold infrastructure which is amazing and the cloudflare costs for
that stuff are crazy low uh which is awesome and they also let you deploy fine-tune models so
that's it's kind of one of the best way to deploy something that's not generic at scale yeah so hugging
phase integration is sort of like their bed rock play like bed rock is basically just like here's
all the models you can use them and they're doing that but with the whole library of hugging phase
but by the way top five company name hugging phase right is it you think a five better i can't
oh my god i hate that name so much it started to think it there's a but it's huge they do things
i know it's so successful but so that's it for cloudflare launch week uh there's a bunch of other
things that are like nice ergonomic things that we're kind of missing better there
like they started to build like you know how AWS has all the service to service connections like
buckets emit events that you can so they added they started to add that stuff to our two yeah so
i think the major ones were the workflow for me at least the workflow and the kinesis equivalent
pipelines yeah i think those two are like very significant because again it starts to look more
and more and more complete but like fully natively serverless all the way down oh uh yeah i mean
again so you didn't care but i think analytics engine went ga as well with actual pricing
which is their uh click house as a service it's serverless yeah so any analytics type data
is pretty cool yeah i need to play with it i need to i need to play with more of the
cloudflare stuff because there's things i do that probably takes so much more effort to accomplish
on AWS that would be fast on cloudflare and cheap too so today and cheap after this i'm wrapping up
our cloudflare or initial cloudflare support so that you get like you know like the hot
uploading while you're in development um just like all the linking work it's actually not gonna
be very hot like our our crazy trick that we do for AWS lambda we run it locally it's gonna take
quite a bit of effort to get that working for cloudflare workers so for this first version
we're just like re-uploading your stuff every time so it's not as fast it takes like a couple
seconds but it's something at least first to get started yeah but once that's there i'm gonna be
like moving a project over to like the cloudflare stack yeah my mites are streaming again doing that
but so i think this is the thing we should actually talk about there's an existential threat to AWS
in my eyes uh well i don't know if anything could really be a threat database etc right but
at least uh in the effort to push modern web developers on to AWS versus something like cloudflare
there this we've talked about this offline uh this issue of costs at the CDN level so i don't
i don't understand how cloudflare can be so cheap at what they do for like DDoS mitigation so
like i okay let me back up everyone a consumer website we get a lot of traffic we also get a lot
of nefarious traffic is that the way you say that word nefarious nefarious nefarious apochi
we get a lot of like bad actors that for various reasons hit us with absurd amounts of traffic
and we have to like deal with that but we also are like we're a business like we have the funds
to handle that there's been noted cases of people who are small indie hacker types building things
and then they get DDoSed on AWS and there's not really a way to like mitigate the cost element
of that like if you get tons and tons of traffic and you're a small uh player like the the cost
mitigation for DDoS attacks is AWS shield advanced i guess which is like 3000 a month which for a
business not so big deal not a big deal uh if you have real revenue and traffic or whatever uh but
below that like you're you're just building a small thing or you're whatever uh side project
startup early stage uh there's not really a way to like prevent that cost worth cloudflare
seemingly it's free to just stop people from spamming your stuff how does that work so i think
there's a few dimensions here one is like the pure technical thing cloudflare started to do that
that's how they were started they're founded to solve this problem and they just focus on this for
like a crazy amount of years like over 10 years uh and they won that category and they spent that
time like integrating and deploying like hardware to like the craziest places like integrated at
like the ISP level they have all these like deals that nobody else has yeah so they're in a unique
position but i think the other weird dynamic is companies get addicted to certain kinds of revenue
and become unable to take action that hurts that you know if the action is right long term
dude look at someone like AWS the egress thing has been like a huge revenue source for them they
charge a lot for bandwidth uh and that's like at this point so established in AWS that i am
skeptical they could ever launch a feature that's like writing that off to zero whereas cloudflare
never had that and of course it doesn't underline stuff yeah it's all they've never been addicted
to that form of revenue yeah so everything they launch now is like really generous in that dimension
i don't think AWS couldn't do it from like a technical or like unit cost yeah position it's
just like you know the reality is like companies become static when they are around their revenue
sources so i think that's actually it like r2 has again all these things come with ashris like r2
has free egress so you can have people downloading yourself as much as you want there is some like
unspoken soft limit where you will have to pay it's obviously way higher than anything AWS is
willing to do uh they also have the part like the cpu billing on their cpu workers right where
like if it's idle you're not build yep exactly and i think that a lot of that like now that i'm
digging into it more i'm seeing how all this stuff comes together right so they built an edge network
and they're like we need to be able to run custom logic for requests that come through so they built
those workers concept yeah which initially you can imagine it was just for like doing things like
if their quest is to this url proxy it to this back end url if it's from to like this we're like
proxy like just basic proxying stuff and you see how the work there is like some initial logic and
then just like pure IO yeah so you can see how workers was built around the concept of like
it's not really going to be doing much cpu work it's just going to be delegating to IO work
and that expanded over time to workers became more capable more useful and yeah so i think
that that reflects their pricing where they just charge for cpu because the whole purpose of it was
really just to delegate IO stuff um there's so many things i find in their system where i'm like
oh like i'm i'll be looking for a specific solution for something because i i like exist in AWS and
then i realize oh no you just like use a worker for that you're like use a worker for everything
because a worker is just a thing that handles a request first and super cheap and you can do
whatever logic you want in there so like there's not a thing like like in cloud front there's not
you know how cloud front has like routing rules you specify patterns and where it should go
you look for that on cloud where you're like it doesn't exist oh because you deploy a worker
whatever logic you want to route however you want um yeah yeah so i think those primitives are
kind of interesting yeah just simpler and i think that they had this sort of narrow way of thinking
about it and then that's resulted in that yeah like lambda has to spin up a whole firecracker
container you know yeah they don't have to do that so it's it's quite different so how do you how do
you view the future of cloudflare and AWS from a like serverless modern web dev perspective
how do you see it all playing out yeah i think for years i've always felt like everyone focuses on
the big three like it's google cloud for some reason uh AWS and azure and azure is just living
off of the network that microsoft has which is massive and whenever die google cloud is irrelevant
besides the fact they have the word google at the front of it uh so i was like this is not really a
contest like AWS is just kind of one and they're going to continue to win and there's never really
no meaningful difference that anything any of these other two can do that's going to change that
but then i saw cloudflare which was which to me looked a lot like the future that AWS kind of
invented but like better like AWS does get credit for inventing like this event driven like very
serverless way of doing things yeah and it kind of feels like cloudflare saw that and was like we
can do that better because we have no baggage and we're gonna stand no baggage right they're starting
from like a later vantage point and like anytime you can start later and build on ideas like that
like it can be a lot simpler you can you don't have all the baggage yeah and i feel like they committed
like if you give amazon credit for inventing this idea it feels like they committed to the
idea way harder than amazon ever did um so there also okay this is actually potentially disruptive
because if this is what the bet on the future is gonna look like and amazon feels that way yeah
they're gonna win because there this is a their model is a better aligned for this so i've always
thought they were the best like edge case disruptor of of AWS and i feel like it's just
become more and more likely uh the adoption is nowhere does that the adoption does not reflect
that at all like very few people are using cloudflare it just has not really happened but
it just becomes it's kind of they're gonna reach a tipping point at some point where
a lot of new projects get get started with them um i plan on doing everything new from now on on
cloudflare oh the sst vote not for sst because our customers aren't able AWS but for other
stuff that i'm for your projects i mean that's telling it's that's information you know it's
useful information i might like end up there might be like you know every there's always like a
rosy window where you see everything is great and you find out like xyz things
suck on it i'm sure to discover those but yeah please discover those and report back
i do wonder like should i be putting cloudflare in front of my cdn my cloud front cdn from like
a uh logistics or not logistics from a performance latency standpoint is that just bad is it so bad
this is a funny thing we realized also we're like okay AWS WAF is not as good as cloudflare
as equivalent my cloudflare is better handling the reasons you're very different yeah
they just solve it for you and you don't get charged that's great so presumably you want to put
cloudflare in front but putting cloudflare in front isn't just dns like it means you're routing all
your traffic through it yeah so your end users are hitting cloud front sorry cloudflare at some edge
location then why do they even bother hitting a cloud front a cloud front edge location the
extra top that's pointless but can you connect your land of function URLs directly to your cloud you
can exactly so that's that's what we realized that all you need to do is deploy a worker that routes
to a lambda function that way you can keep no JS compatibility if you want and there's this
minimizes all the hops and cloudflare can still do all the caching and the stuff that you expect
so you replace cloud front with cloudflare yeah and is that a thing that will be easy in sst yep so
that would be great yeah so uh i think right now everyone just like oh yeah deploy on versatile or
any of the AWS and just put cloudflare in front of it but you're like doing like a really extreme
thing by doing that like yeah yeah i can't in good conscience introduce a second CDN like it needs
to be the only CDN second hop yeah and never talking is funny because it's like uh i'm going to try
list it out i've tweeted this before user goes to cloud so if you put cloudflare in front for DDoS
yeah user goes to cloudflare then cloudflare goes to cloud front then cloud front goes to uh
Kubernetes node in the uh region then the Kubernetes node sends back to cloudflare for to execute
middleware and the middleware it responds back then then the Kubernetes goes already i already
lost you forwards it's an AWS lambda and the emda does the actual request and sends it back
through and everything goes back to the user there's like six hops here it's pretty insane yeah i
missed something in the middle there uh that was an AWS data center with a Kubernetes cluster that
forwarded to cloudflare you said that that's how versale works yeah because they execute oh you're
talking about versale that's the missing context yeah and versale it's because you're middleware
in cloudflare but like you entered in through cloudflare so do you know does versale uh it's
got a funny uh does versale use cloud front too did you they might not so that it's possible they
don't use it but then i don't really understand how their caching could work effectively because
their entry point is not cloudflare they're entry point is not cloudflare on versale it's not
cloudflare what is the entry point i think it's cloud front oh okay and they just rename all the
cloud front hit to like versale hit like if you look at the headers it's like they just
rename the maybe i'm wrong maybe it is maybe they don't have cloud front because i know
they have a Kubernetes cluster in every region in AWS every AWS region okay yeah but still like
clearly something inefficient here because like yeah it could be more efficient yeah so we're
hoping that so we're going to do uh we've done AWS versions of all our front ends we're going to do
cloudflare versions of all our front ends once we understand both these things really well we're
going to see how it makes sense to say i actually want the AWS version but skip the cloud front
stuff and just yeah give me the cloudflare instead give me the regional URL and i'll put
like a cloudflare worker in front of it yeah wait sst will do that for me right yeah i don't have
yeah okay when you said i i wasn't sure who i is in this case okay
so what's going on in twitter what's going on in the tech world today we're a week out a week
and a half from React Miami no two weeks i don't know i know don't do my math don't check my math
did you see the video of our secret project what oh yeah yeah that you shared i thought you meant
like we posted something online uh oh man i'm so excited we have a secret project everybody i
could smell it in the video you can smell it yeah yeah you can smell it i love this i love teasing
out something that we really aren't going to talk about uh but can we tease out a little more detail
that people will know in just a couple weeks at React Miami what this is all about oh yeah exactly
we're gonna for those of you that are just dying with anticipation from all of using we've been doing
there's probably whole subreddits about this the mystery project people do the types of work
yeah we're gonna hack my email your weight will end your misery will end next week or i guess two
weeks from now two because we will be announcing what it is on the first day of React Miami or
somewhere around then if things go according to plan yeah what is the plan for the days prior to
that are we i guess we're not going to announce what it is we're just going to the people are
going to end yeah i'm very skeptical that we're going to be pulled off that's all right i want
the world okay so we'll share a little bit more we're going to be doing a stream with some people
that you may know you might know for the two days prior to React Miami and somehow we're going to
try to avoid talking about what the surprise is what it is working on the surprise on stream yeah
so i don't know there you go turn in you don't know where to turn in but you turn in
this is fun what is going on twitter i don't think anything it's been kind of boring oh good
i like to hear that when i'm not on twitter i like to hear that nothing is happening i probably
peeked to twitter at least once every day and if i can't see something in that amount of time
uh like in a very short amount of time then i just move on and on when when there's a lot
going on on twitter i feel like even if i just peek at it once a day i kind of catch on that
there's a lot going on there's like some people complain about testing or about whether you should
i don't know there's something about that at all no thank you that conversation again yeah uh i did
i did do the most brutal comment i think i maybe ever did oh no your most brutal comment what was
this like i i think almost didn't post it okay so i posted a screenshot of our sot cloud flare
stuff and i said this works now if you beg i'll release it tomorrow the first reply i got was
from erin frances who said i'll wait thanks you know being sarcastic so i replied being like
it's okay i figured you're tired of begging people to hire you
jay with the red car yeah did you reply with the red car
that was good that was good oh man yeah i did type it out and i sat looking at it being like
is this too far like i think erin knows i genuinely believe in him so yeah i don't think erin's gonna
take that wrong that's so funny i'm just reading the replies to tweet
okay that was good i'm glad i i'm glad you caught me up on that one at least yeah there's nothing
over on that was probably the only thing that was the only thing that happened
i just saw a uh a tweet from prime i don't even know that made me think of something
he's talking about software devs i can only work six hours max farmers hour for 20 hours sometimes
why is there uh like if a doctor like works really long hours it's like
that's so noble but if a software dev works a lot of hours it's like oh you like start up bro you
toxic founder person or you're like i don't know it's such a negative thing if like you're really
into your work and you're a software developer but like other jobs like they're the backbone of our
civilization good job farmers the the doctor thing is crazy because like i can't believe we do
like every doctor works especially on that career works like insane hours that are like
inconsistent where like one day they'll be working at night the next day they're working on a day
yeah and i'm like you're dealing with people's lives and like precise decisions like there's
no way that this isn't probably have full mental capacities and be well rested and well fed yeah
so if they can do it if they can do it at for what they're tasked with like i don't want to hear
anyone complaining about yeah so our engineers are working long hours like just like i don't know
people have gotten solved for the last couple years i don't think that i feel like this type of
mindset is going away i think it was like kind of made up and people kind of live in this fantasy
world and i feel like people are having to see reality a little bit more so i don't see it as much
and i i think like two years ago if i said something like you got to work a lot of hours i think i've
been afraid to say that i don't feel like i feel afraid to say that anymore yeah well i do feel like
generally speaking the tides have shifted quite a bit in the software development zeitgeist
with regards to softness versus hardness i guess is what i'll say yeah i don't know i'm going with
that it's almost political like it feels like things have shifted from left to right a little bit
yeah at least in the public discourse and like the amount of voices willing to speak up maybe
nothing actually changed in terms of what people believe but the predominant voices in our very
specific bubble of the world and the internet seem to have shifted towards like hey actually
maybe this stuff's ridiculous and i don't know some of it i feel like it's there's a weird vin diagram
with elan musk and whether you love him or hate him there's like some weird stuff in there but like
ultimately i do feel like there's been a shift do you sense that is that a thing that i made up i
think so too like when i think about people that are looked at as role models and like you know
people that have influence i am seeing that it's quite different than what the shape of that person
looked like five five years ago yeah subjectively i feel like it's better now i feel like the values
and stuff that they talk about are like more true to me it felt like the things that people were
valuing five years ago it felt made up and it like didn't really make sense but we kind of all pretend
like yeah it didn't make sense because we were in an environment where stuff that didn't make
sense could survive for a long time so i think it's better i think we've corrected to like a pretty
good place i think of course nothing ever corrects to the right spot i'm sure we're going to over
corrects over correct yeah yeah but overall like things seem much better than they used to be at
least from my point of view yeah i should clarify when i said when i said left and right i meant
a left and right politics in america which would be a very different thing i guess
to people who listen to us from other places in the world i don't know they just call us all
ultra right or something i don't know oh man speaking of though did you see this is a great
thing to bring up you probably you probably miss it did you see the bill that was proposed in
california no i don't think so there's a bill that was like if you are and like very specifically
targets like a certain type of worker it's like targets like office software type of work yeah that
if you're a boss you're not allowed to send email after 530 like a government law
i'm sorry is this funny it's like it's california i'm trying to join the EU like what's going on
oh that's just that's funny to me i don't know yeah it's just so like random and ridiculous
so random and like just to think of email like them like defining email and some legislation
like yeah i'm sure they have like long descriptions of like what qualifies like
also slack messages also any kind of electronic communicator you know it's right like some weird
legally yeah that's the main thing i thought of is like who sends emails anyway like they just
go slack or whatever so but here's the funniest part i think people missed uh it was like
each infraction will incur a fine of a hundred dollars so it's such like a small it's in so many
ways it's just so random it's just a random thing to focus like you're a lawmaker you're like what
do i focus on yeah oh i don't want people getting work emails messages from their boss like that's
the thing i'm going to focus on super random and weird to even think the government should be involved
in that in any form uh and then you're going to be like i'm going to charge them a hundred dollars
for each one i really teach them a lesson and it just feels like it just feels like it feels like
like it feels like so local it feels like some like like a local council type law yeah i can
enjoy a type of thing this was the state of california like imagine like a worker like complaining to
some agency and agency's studying like a hundred dollar fine till your boss your boss is like i'm just
gonna fire you for tiling up oh man it's just so naive to think that i i'm like so obsessed with
it it's like stupid to think that this makes sense in any form it's also so naive to think like
passing this law wouldn't immediately have like really weird second order effects like you would
not be able to enforce this in any way yeah you probably would get some like really weird
side effect behavior from it yeah like what about all the employees that don't start until five
because they wake up at three yeah and it's like why are certain and i forgot how they
describe like why is this only applied to like certain types of workers like it doesn't yeah
like why are you like randomly focusing on them so clear like a weird signaling thing where they're
like it's like a vendetta like we don't believe that something that like they're like clearly trying
to understand that we don't believe something uh-huh and of course the guy paul graham at a
funny tweet the guy that passed is like sponsoring a law i'm gonna have my fact trying maybe about
someone else but again people in this like political circle yeah he's like this guy grew up richer
than most of the people that he's trying to like fight against yeah of course yeah like there's a
very wealthy like three phd type person yeah uh that is now in this in this role and just like
man you were i feel like that person is so out of touch like i can see how that might have been a
thing like a couple years ago like i could like give them the benefit of that okay like things
are crazy like i see why i think this is a good idea but when things were nuts sure yeah that was
really funny that that reminds me of we had some conversations about politicians just with work
co-workers uh what how is it a thing in the in the united states of america that politicians are
allowed to to trade on inside information no one else in the world is it's illegal if anyone does
it but they do it constantly yeah and like paulosi there's like a fun loci tracks all over yeah like
how insane is that actually and there's nothing anyone could do about it because i'm never gonna
vote you know like make that legal because they're all getting rich from it she's so stupid it's just
out in the open it's so blatant i know it's crazy because yeah it's been talked about forever and it's
like they can just ignore it they can literally just ignore it yeah oh speaking of ignoring your
friend last week your uh there's my friend your friend your your idol what's his name uh the guy
that you get all your all your information about life from what what's his name what's his name
the ice baths and the uh whim hoff no not whim hoff did whim hoff die ice bath and the sunning
yourself oh you remember you remember yeah oh no i saw there was negative something about humor i
thought dax is gonna love this i didn't even read what happened okay no it isn't one of those things
were like i want there to be something negative so i can make fun of you but i haven't i have an
underlying principle that's like overriding this i'm like god damn it okay what what what was the
yeah i want to hear your principle too but what was your look into it too much but i think i think
it was it was a bunch of stuff about his personal life and how he has like six girlfriends and
like she was cheating on a bunch of people and was like behaving like really weird with all of these
these people i'm gonna have to stop taking relationship advice from him oh wait that
sorry yeah so my principal is like okay yeah that's if you like ask me like yeah that is weird and
like could maybe form a judgment about it but like like do we really need to keep doing this where
we just like yeah dig through people's weird personal shit like like he is a really famous person
in some weird position like they're all gonna be they're all doing weird shit like yeah it's not
like i don't think i think it did was illegal there was probably some things you can consider like
he was a bad person for doing certain things i'm sure i don't know all the all the details yeah
but my only principle is like this is just weird gossip and we pretend like it's something like
it matters yeah exactly uh but the reason i wanted to bring it up is because i think he did the most
amazing thing ever so all this shit was blowing up right mm-hmm uh for a couple days everybody was
talking about it i don't see anyone talking about it today you know what he did how did what do you
do he just posted normally he just like he just ignored it he just ignored it and just posted one
of his like the next thing he posted were just like a normal like one of his normal like videos
about like you got this on your balls every two hours whatever shit that he talks about
something i'm so good it's on that far off i bet um not far yeah
you gotta look up actually because he just posted this a like a normal thing and it just
it's gone it's vanished just went away Nikita beer had this really funny tweet he's like i know
a bunch of people that uh have been in like these pr nightmare scenarios and like he's like if you
pay ten thousand dollars to a firm they'll like do this if you pay a hundred thousand dollars to
the firm they'll like you know teach you how to like do a public apology blah blah if you pay a
million dollars to a firm they just tell you to like ignore it and keep acting like nothing happened
absolutely did and it worked and i think anything he would have done would have just prolonged it
and i think it's yeah really interesting to see that so yeah i was very good with it because on one
hand i'm like i want to go all it would be like he would have been sucked so i can like make fun
at him but it's like it to me it feels kind of like a like a cheap shot but i i don't like i don't care
about heberman the human being at all i guess i just care about him delivering the the facts
from science papers he's just like an aggregator for me i don't like look at him as like some lifestyle
guru or like a person i want to aspire to be i it's transactional i like the information that he
surfaces uh to the extent that he keeps digging through the papers and finding what science says
the latest science says about certain personal health things but i'm going to keep following it you
know i don't even listen to his podcast which is that's what i want to make fun that's what i want
to make fun of you for i want to really just focus on that i want to have it pure like i don't want to
i agree i i that's that's due relationship with it i don't think it's any more than that but i still
want to make fun of that okay well you go ahead yeah make fun of it it's it's fine i'm just getting
nor it you're a loser oh wow oh i didn't mean right now you know i'd become over someone's fault yeah
yeah i think i don't know but you're a stereotype you're a you're a tech bros stereotype okay you get
a little warmer in your life according to heberman's information you know i'm not uh you can't offend
me i'm unoffendable somehow i have some maybe i'm a psychopath i know there's something about my
personality that i literally have never been offended in my life clearly you haven't seen your nose
what does that mean your nose looks ridiculous it's it's it's it's way too big for your face
okay your face is too big for your nose at the same time
if i've never been offended before i'm positive you won't do so with my physical appearance but
that's not going to do it sorry i tried yeah so that was heberman last week it's funny because
you remember like a while ago i asked if he was married because i was curious oh i think he did
ask me that and he's not i guess i got the answer now multiple girlfriends is it even bad to have
multiple girlfriends if they don't know about it yes it was weird because like he was like one of
them was doing IVF and like it just i don't know it's definitely like definitely like a weird
messed up scenario but again if if no one got hurt or if you didn't do anything illegal it's like
you know personal life thing yeah what is that instinct in people to like look at people who are
in the public eye and try to like tear them down does this make them feel better journalists man
i just it's it's like the only way a journalist progresses in their career like the majority of
journalists they can like tear down some public figure yeah come up with something dredged something
up what a terrible existence i'm sorry if you're a journalist i know i i don't apologize i feel like
it's uh to some degree yeah but i think we're also uh in the arena as we're in the arena trying
stuff as uh which is face to moths says oh so we are journalists i need to know do i need to put
this on my fingers i think there's journalistic aspects of what we do for sure on this podcast
specifically or on twitter or else everything again could you say we can't wait these things we do
yeah that's like that's a side thing like are we have like different primary incentives like
humorman has his side side people i didn't want to say like something more derogatory i don't know
it's just got his main his main woman and his side women sorry i took this way too far keep going
so i saw memes about the humor and thing before i knew what people were actually talking about
but the first one i went viral was like here's my routine wake up at five a.m go out and look at
the sun have sex with girlfriend number one go have ice bath then like you know go do an ice bath
have sex with girlfriend number two and he's like the like did a whole like human-type day
yeah you know interjected with six partners yeah i do love memes people are funny i think like
the collective humor of the internet is unmatched and if anything good has come out of the internet
forget whatever advances in human knowledge and research and whatever like the memes that the humor
are incredible i do wonder like if ai was going to be like good at something why why like why have
images generated by mid-journey not made it into the memes like nobody uses ai generated images for
like a meme you know what i mean i feel like there's something uniquely human about meaning i think
i think ken wheeler said bad he's like ai has no riz like to this day there's like no yeah i don't
know what riz is but it doesn't have it yeah i see that word a lot lately what is rich literally
i guess it like comes in the word charisma but like it just like just like that the x factor you know
it's like when i was wearing that gold chain is that a little bit of i was a great demonstration of
what not having riz looks like okay i gotta send that like damsar another way sorry you return it
you're reminded yeah you're trying like like 10 bucks i don't know i was like how much of that
cost you're gonna bother returning that's funny i mean i just don't want to own it like i return
things because i don't want them in my oh you how you're worried that someone's gonna let home
you're gonna be like don't you see you with it no i just it's like we just have a lot of stuff
would you have kids like there's just a certain amount of like we don't control how much stuff
enters our home now because grandparents give them things every holiday every yeah it's just like
the imports are ongoing so the exports are mostly stagnant and anytime i can get rid of something
it's like i gotta get rid of this yeah this is a huge issue that i know me and liz are gonna have
because we hate the aesthetic of most kids stuff yes colorful like uh-huh like those like saturated
all garbage it's all just garbage plastic yeah so we're like we're never gonna buy that kind of
thing there's nice wooden equivalents and you can get them but then people don't respect that and
they like your parents will get them all the garbage and then and then they get attached to the guard
like they don't run it by you and then like suddenly they have this giant excavator toy and they can
drive around in the driveway and you look like an idiot and they fell in love with it the moment
they saw it and you don't have any choice but to keep it until eventually you leave it on the curb
and spring cleanup day and it just gets taken away and they forget about it so that was a very
specific story i think giant excavator could be okay i thought i could look nice no no it was not
it didn't look like an excavator it looked like those uh you know those like giant cars we had as
kids that you could walk around like Flintstones they like paddle with your feet it looked like that
but they bolted on this arm that wouldn't even reach the ground so it moved but you couldn't
actually dig with it so the kid is immediately pissed this is my now nine-year-old when he was
four immediately it's like it won't dig i can't touch the ground with it so he's just pissed and
it's like yeah it's a piece it's like it's garbage this thing is garbage and it weighs 70 pounds and
i hate it and it takes up so much room in our garage sorry this is really specific i should stop
but that's basically life with kids yeah you just get all this stuff yeah looking forward to that
yeah it's good time oh yeah i thought that when i was growing up i don't think i had a lot of that
stuff really this wasn't a thing i hate this idea of producing something that just future
garbage and i feel like a lot of the things that are obtained talking about that part of that
and it just reminds me of like this thing like someone designed that and they knew that
the end state of that thing is garbage very very quickly uh-huh and it still gets made yeah it's
not good all the microplastics somebody said i just read something i don't know where i saw it that
like the average it was the averages that some people ingest like a credit card's worth of plastic
every week wow i'm holding a crack right now every week yeah every week that much plastic that much
it's obviously like tiny little micro and nanoparticles but like if you bunch them all up yeah i mean
that that's insane right microplastics are everywhere at this point they're like in our blood stream
and stuff so yeah that's what they were saying like they found that all these places that there
should not be plastic in our body there's plastic yeah i we should just hope that at this point it's
let me can do it we're just hoping that it didn't matter there's quite this being a little tiny
particle yeah it's like whatever it actually doesn't do anything it's like whatever it's kind of the
case with like like electromagnetic radiation right it's like it's Wi-Fi and 4g and 5g everywhere
but it's kind of like it doesn't do anything it's well it's called non what if it kills you after
like 50 years and we still don't know yet well in 50 years i'll be dying anyway yeah but like think
of the next generation backs what what do we do they're going to be in in VR they're going to be on
apple vision 10 oh they're gonna their brains are gonna be in jars hopefully on my brain's in the
persona that's actually how will exist the the apple vision pro personas that's just yeah they're
gonna need to fix the hair but did you see the thing that they added now they had to fix the hair
well not for me yeah they added something to apple vision pro is everything yeah they'd added
like this collaborative thing where uh you can be in your room with like a whiteboard or something
in front of you and like other people show up and they're like in the room with you and it like
looks like kind of looks like kind of good i don't think it looks horrible like great it looks kind
of good so you're saying like they see what the inside of your room looks like it's like they're
in your room with you yeah everyone's like in the same room there's there's like a host is the room
like a physical room in your house or is it like a virtual room actually this is a good question
maybe it's all virtual that actually makes more sense maybe i wonder if you could like map your
room and like people could show up in your room with you yeah and then they see you wait from every
angle oh yeah have you seen the uh there's gaussian splatting thing i don't know if you've seen this
gaussian right gaussian gaussian i'm missing up i'm missing the gaussian apati algorithm
gaussian gaussian spot i think well actually that's when i'm not a hundred percent like i feel
like i've only ever read it never heard anyone say it got like gaussian blur is that even blurry yeah
yeah classic photoshop reference yeah of course of course isn't that gaussian blur i got to cancel
my adobe creative cloud sorry dude but you're gonna get charged for the remainder of the year
that was going around twitter i already yeah no i've had a i've had that exact thing play out
it's a nightmare i'm so done with with adobe so anyway splatting have you seen what that is no
i'm only familiar with the gaussian blurring not the gaussian splatting so the basically the
technology for taking a video of something from every angle and then turning that into a 3D
model has gotten insanely good and i didn't want to take needs to call a gaussian splatting i don't
know how it works exactly but someone did it of the the bridge collapse um someone flew a drum all
around it and it looks insane like you can like see every angle it looks like so realistic yeah
and it's pretty wild to think that so quickly we had like a real-time 3D immersive
uh thing we could experience of that scenario yeah imagine if this stuff gets like even more
and more real-time but that happened like within a couple days imagine if it happened like within
day within an hour like real-time like are we gonna have like real-time just 3D maps of like every
location and stuff like it's wild that'd be super cool that like 3D scanning technology used to be
like a very specific thing and now just like phones can do it right yeah and video has that
that uh app where you can and this is like this was made for use for professionals that are like
trying to make assets or video games and stuff where you can take an object and like they like guide
you through using your phone to capturing that object and you bring it into 3D and it looks
very good oftentimes yeah i'm excited by that it's funny i i've always said this weird thing
where i'm like i want to live in a virtual virtual world but i want to look exactly like
my actual world except like i can't die in it and stuff so i'm like really i can't die in it like
i don't want some like crazy fantasy where not certainly i want like my exact house my exact
office but like i have infinite money but what kind of money you want the sims but like virtual
reality and you can live forever in your current environment and that way i feel like it's completely
real yeah yeah so we just need those little tubes from the matrix where you just like live in this
vata jelly and your body lives forever but like so into it take my mind i love so much tea would you
know what you like but i thought if you really love your work you do it even without money
there's no people say that i'm just saying in a world where that technology exists i don't think
helping people deploy stuff to the clouds yeah no i i wouldn't work on this i think i work on something
but i i don't know what the thing we're we're doing soon that's what we'd work on well even that
we've worked on a virtual version but it has meaning and purpose i think so i think some some
form of that could continue to exist yeah so we do the sims over covid uh me and liz made we
literally is when we live in new york we measured all of our walls and we recreated our apartment
one-to-one in the sims in the sims and it was like i've definitely tried making our home in sims
years ago yeah i guess that would have been probably before so kasey my wife was super into
sims like in college of course we all had that phase where we're like uh oh i forgot i'm a human
being that's just watching this other human being live life i forgot to live my own life
i'm just the sitting in the corner all my bars should be at zero like i'm
red in all possible ways uh yeah always like had those week-long kicks with the sims but yeah i've
definitely tried to recreate homes oh you know what it was a lego thing that's what i'm thinking
of more recently we tried to build our home with lego oh did it work so there's that too no it didn't
work legos are big and fat and dumb and you can't make precise things i mean if you had enough
you should like a one-to-one scale then then you could just say you made the scale big enough
that's funny went to lego land this weekend sorry there's a lego land in
in the middle of the city in the middle of nowhere really is that what you think of me
where i live they have to import those legos really far
those legos come from all of them just came here or wherever the hell legos were born
yeah i want you to try and save the country because your your track record today was
get gajin and i didn't think yeah i said gajin gajin gajin yeah gajin
uh lego land the netherlands i want to say which is a different place than holland no same place
no it's the same it's which one thinks Dutch okay i'm gonna stop legos legos are cool company i
think it's one of those companies that there's a few companies that are like this where the primitive
they made is perfect and then they just rode this like infinite merchandising wave that like just
grows them infinitely which is like yeah there's some other company i saw recently that was that
same thing what now they're just like every sports team every like disney thing like you know
just what in the great thing but like the lego also with the details like two lego bricks connecting
feels nothing like any other imitation all right brick like you take any of the other knock-off
companies they don't feel the same they don't connect the same way they've figured out like
the manufacturing precision and the exact shapes that just like satisfyingly pushed together you
know what i mean yeah so they're like really into those little details that they nailed like the
exact way play bricks should work and then they keep coming out with new pieces like for new sets
they'll invent new pieces and they all fit together so well like they all like are on this scale that
they work together they combine in so many different weird ways backwards compatible with every other
brick before yeah yeah it's really incredible actually yeah i love like i step on one like nothing
delivers pain like oh yeah that's ultimate pain yeah i step on them often it's always wild to me
where when there's things like that that have been around for so long that like nobody has
copied perfectly it's always it's always like it's interesting to see that i think some of this stuff
in an iphone is kind of like that too where like the touch even just if the even even even just a
pure software stuff like mmm which theoretically i don't see why this can't be copied uh but like
yeah that's just like eludes it's like whatever magic that comes together is like much more than
the code or like the physical thing it's like the organization yeah we see that a bunch where
we we're talking about lego oh i went to legoland uh we went twice and because the first time we went
we went on a friday and i thought because we're going to be there friday saturday sunday
in can't city and i thought like oh we go on friday everybody's working everybody's in school there's
going to be no way there turns out friday was a special friday it was a good friday if you will
stir yeah and i have never seen more people packed into one building it was oh my god nuts and wait
legoland is a building yeah it's an indoor thing it's like yeah it's not like Disneyland
it's like uh it's just all kinds of lego stuff i don't know there's places these things you can
build and race lego cars and there's some rides oh it's pretty fun uh but it was insane and both my
boys have just never been like in huge crowds all that much and they were just at one point one of
them in tears just over how many people there were it was just like i want to leave this is
overwhelming like there's just people everywhere and like kids screaming and just like running
over each other and it's just a nightmare so we went back uh sunday morning when everyone else is
at church Easter sunday morning there's nobody i'm telling you we had the place for ourselves it was
amazing so they're just a little like heathen tip for people who really want to go somewhere
go Easter sunday morning because everybody is in church in the united states especially in the
midwest that's really funny yeah let's woke up at five a.m to go to mass with her family actually
that i saw pictures looked amazing because it was outdoor and like the sun they like watched the
sunrise as part of it and it looked really insane yeah and i'm sure when when you're hearing all
this like religious stuff like being around that like actually works well like you feel like oh yeah
like amplified feelings nature yeah you know yeah but yeah i was like asleep like i was like in
summer there's no way i'm doing that seeing the sunrise no thanks that's funny just all the
sinners at legoland yeah yeah when you did see anybody there it's kind of like yeah that's funny
that's funny have they been to disneyland no they've not been hmm they've not been to an amusement park
are they interested uh i don't know if they know they exist that's the funny thing about having
kids that aren't in public school there's a lot of parts of the world they just don't know exist
a lot of things concepts they've never been introduced to and it's our fault like any knowledge
gaps they have are gonna fall squarely on me and my wife like oops you got to tell you those things
exist sorry uh yeah no i don't think they know that like amusement parks are a thing that's funny
we went to like six flags a lot growing up me too we had six flags in new jersey i went i went to
disney world in orlando when i was like three i don't remember much of it i was just take the
kids to disney world yeah disney world yeah yeah because disney world just keeps getting better and
better and better and better like it's so real now like some of this stuff is just like oh i'm
like in the star wars like it's it's real like it's like you see some of the technology that's like
in front of your eyes and those things and you just can't figure out how it works at all like some
of the riser just like i don't understand what's happening like i feel like i'm in this and i don't
think i'm looking at a screen i don't know what trick they're doing and yeah it's it's really wild
oh yeah i want to i want to see it for myself now you've got me convinced i thought i was doing
for the kids but no no no even as an adult like you yeah like i'm sure i'm sure in a couple years
both your kids will be able to go on mostly everything so that would probably be more fun but
yeah yeah i should wait till archer's a little older because he's he's going to miss out on some of it
yeah yeah yeah we're doing it but then if i wait too long the oldest one's too old and he's wearing
a house with dumb no i guess there's stuff for everybody it's it's cool i mean he might think it's
dumb when you decide to go but then i think you'll enjoy it like you know enjoy it when we're there yeah
classic situation but yeah like some of the new harry potter stuff i mean i haven't been there since
oh harry potter stuff yeah i haven't been there since like 2016 maybe if i have
wait disney world has harry potter stuff are you sure is that not universal i mean they're all
universal i mean they're all but universes in florida they're all like they're all right next
to each other yeah yeah yeah like that stuff uh some of the rides oh man they have like so
one of the rides escape from green gods i think it is or maybe two other one um the line you go
through the hogwarts castle and they like rebuild they built all like the iconic spots in it and
they have they have the portraits that are like alive and like saying shit and stuff yeah it looks
way better than what you would imagine which is like oh yeah they just put like a screen in a picture
frame yeah they did way more than that and it looks like it looks like way better than it should
uh like that set design stuff that they do i think they just get like the best set design
people in the world to come yeah build that stuff like they built like diagon alley with all the
stores and you can like get butter beer and all that stuff and now i want to go to universal
yeah this sounds amazing yeah then then they added pandora like from avatar like the the blue
people oh yeah that's supposed to be really crazy like there's a ride there that everyone
said like goes crazy about they added a bunch of new star wars everything big because aren't the
avatar things like bigger they're like that's true yeah maybe yeah um maybe yeah i imagine
i imagine working on that like it's so fun oh yeah like if that's your job yeah but is it like a
construction crew you come in you do it and then you kind of leave and you're done it's like an
ongoing job no so someone was telling me oh so Stefan uh he he's from Orlando and he would tell me
there's like a lot of software engineers that live there because they all work at disney hmm
interesting so there's a lot to do i guess across the board there um yeah that's just fun like you
just try to make fun stuff for people yeah okay i'm i'm making a we're gonna make a trip yeah tour
lando uh we should probably we should probably in this podcast two hours feel psychologically like
a lot if we throw a two it's been two hours an hour and fifty something and i feel like if the
it's a podcast was two hours long but people are going to nope out real quick they're like you know
what i'm gonna skip this one i see what you're saying when i see the length yeah yeah but if it's
an hour 51 it's that old bike sales trick you know $1.99 we'll never know the difference we're gonna
trojan horse our two hour conversation in there okay if you're listening to this if you've been
listening for an hour and 52 minutes and you haven't rated our podcast on your favorite podcast
platform how dare you okay that come on or subscribe or something do something to show that you you
love this podcast because if anyone would listen to a software an hour and 51 minutes i feel like
you must love this you must love listen right and review right a lengthy review yes but only compliments
yeah only good things not so feedback it was you not it was the people at the moment no no we
don't need feedback we know we're awesome okay just say good things and confirm all of that yeah
that'd be great affirmation okay let's go all right i don't even have to pee i guess i don't
pee anymore i don't know why we just talk honestly it is it's like gives us a little bit more runway
here but can't figure out why i'm gonna get it checked out if it's good but you're not peeing
every hour at home this is like progress okay yeah i guess it's good so i'm yeah okay health is
improving okay cool all right see you next see yep